chore: agent skill for atsign sdk created as a package (#1973)
atsign-foundation/at_client_sdk: packages/at_client_skills/skills/at_client_skills-sdk/SKILL.md

Author: This is the first file the agents checks to decide if this skill is useful of the task it's about to execute. It links to the reference file if the Agents needs more details on a particular task.

---
name: at_client_skills-sdk
description: >
  Use this skill when a developer is building a Dart or Flutter app that depends on

>   at_client or at_client_flutter from pub.dev, stores or shares data via the atProtocol,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  at_client or at_client_flutter from pub.dev, stores or shares data via the Atsign Protocol,
```

```dart
final atSigns     = await KeychainStorage().getAllAtsigns();
final request     = await AtSignSelectionDialog.show(context, existingAtSigns: atSigns);
final authRequest = AtAuthRequest(request!.atSign,
  atKeysIo: KeychainAtKeysIo(), rootDomain: request.rootDomain);
final response    = await PkamDialog.show(context,
  request: authRequest, backupKeys: [KeychainAtKeysIo()]);
if (response?.isSuccessful == true) await _setupAtClient(authRequest, response!);
```

**Post-auth setup (all flows — `AuthRequest` is the sealed base, works for all 4 flows):**

```dart
Future<void> _setupAtClient(AuthRequest authRequest, AuthResponse response) async {
  final dir = await getApplicationSupportDirectory();
  final acp = AtClientPreference()
    ..rootDomain      = authRequest.rootDomain.rootDomain
    ..rootPort        = authRequest.rootDomain.rootPort
    ..namespace       = 'my_namespace'
    ..commitLogPath   = dir.path
    ..hiveStoragePath = dir.path;

  await AtClientManager.getInstance().setCurrentAtSign(
    response.atSign, 'my_namespace', acp,
    enrollmentId: response.enrollmentId,
    atChops: response.atChops,
    atLookUp: response.atLookUp,
  );

> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Future<void> _setupAtClient(AtRootDomain atRootDomain, AuthResponse response) async {
  final dir = await getApplicationSupportDirectory();
  final acp = AtClientPreference()
    ..rootDomain      = atRootDomain.rootDomain
    ..rootPort        = atRootDomain.rootPort
    ..namespace       = 'my_namespace'
    ..commitLogPath   = dir.path
    ..hiveStoragePath = dir.path;

  await AtClientManager.getInstance().setCurrentAtSign(
    response.atSign, 'my_namespace', acp,
    enrollmentId: response.enrollmentId,
    atChops: response.atChops,
    atLookUp: response.atLookUp,
  );
}
```

probably better to suggest this, I'm going to go through the code examples and fix this as well.

and making a mental note: maybe I should bring AtRootDomain into the response in atauth v4
